A: What is the name of the participant?

G: Li Cong

A: What is the position?

G: Graduate students.

A: So what is your DevOps experience?

G: 1 year

A: What is the name of your department?

G: Graduate School

A: Then in what year did you join this department?

G: 19 years

A: So why did you make you contact this DevOps?

G: Some methods in the paper prompted exposure to devops,

A: So how does the DevOps used in your team's development help you?

G: I develop their tests to find out the errors for me, and then I correct the errors in the process, and then continue to let them test is a process of continuous iteration, and then improving the reliability of the software.

A: Do you support the culture and practice of this devops?

G: Special support. Although Zhang Xian is still a little small in our team, I think it is really useful in the enterprise.

A: Is your current team culture conducive to this devops?

G: Weak or slightly lacking

A: The size of the team?

G: Four people

A: What is your main role in this team?

G: The role of the developer.

A: Do you have an iterative process in the development of this project?

G: Each iteration is about a week

A: What kind of development method is your team currently using?

G: Object-oriented

A: What kind of software are you developing?

G: A workflow verification system to verify the rationality of my attack process

A: Has your team received a study and training for the development of this project?

G: Yes

A: How often do you have a team discussion?

G: Anytime, anytime is very frequent

A: Is it helpful to discuss how to help improve the project?

G: I still don’t think it’s great, but it’s just a little help.

A: Is there any expert guidance to help guide and clean up some of the problems encountered in project development?

G: Yeah

A: In this devops or software life cycle, which stage do you feel has the greatest impact on the project or is more important?

G: If the requirements are not well done in the requirements phase, there will be a lot of things behind, even if the test is developed, then he is wasting time

A: What problems will you encounter during the development of this project?

G: The connection between process nodes is rather vague, but it is not clear how that node should define the function, but some technical problems still need to be overcome

A: Have you checked the requirements in this requirement analysis stage?

G: After the requirements are made every time they have been carried out, they will then be checked again, and the team will check again as a whole to check whether each step of the requirement is reasonable


A: What do you know about version control?

G: Version control is the version that is iterated at each step, which is helpful for software development, because it will improve the function every time the version is iterated, and then it will contribute to the overall system of the system. Good and bad development.

A: What happened to the BPMN modeling in the requirements phase?

G: The ambiguity of the node, I don't know if this node can be counted as a function.

A: Do you have a unified working environment for this project during development?

G: Yes

A: Do you monitor the status of the software during the operation of this project?

G: Monitoring

A: In the team development, if you share after encountering a problem, will you prevent the problem from happening again?

G: will avoid it

A: Do you think that the production environment and development environment of your project can run normally?

G: It will work normally

A: Is the deployment environment similar to the development environment in the team?

G: I think it's similar

A: What do you know about this continuous integration continuous deployment?

G: It is an iterative process

A: How often does the project build?

G: It takes an hour on average. Just very frequently

A: What is the frequency of project deployment?

G: Very frequent

A: How many times has this BPM version iterated so far?

G: Seven times

A; Because this BPMN has changed. How many times has the project been built?

G: less than three times

A: How many times did BPMN change just because of requirements, and then change the code phase?

G: more than six times

A: Because of changes in demand, the environment has also changed?

G: No

A: How many times did BPMN fail to deploy normally?

G: Haven't encountered it yet

A: Do you think you are in these stages. Which one do you think is more important?

G: Demand

A: Requirements and construction?

G: Demand

A: Requirements and codes?

G: Demand

A: Needs and environment?

G: Environment

A: Requirements and deployment?

G: Demand

A: What do you think of version control and build?

G: version control

A: Version control and code?

G: version control

A: Version control and environment?

G: Environmental stage

A: Version control and deployment phase?

G: version control

A: Which one do you think is more important between the construction phase and the code phase?

C: This should be the code stage

A: Build and environment?

C: Environment.

A: Build and deploy?

C: build

A: Then which one do you think is more important between the code phase and the environment phase?

C: Environment

A: Code and deployment phase?

C: code

A: What do you think of the environment and deployment stage?

C: Environmental stage.

A: What do you know about version control?

G: In the process of each version, the functions are increased or decreased, and then the process or the version of the BPMN diagram is reasonable and meets the needs of users.