A: What is the name of the participant?

K: Ma Minxi

A: What is the position?

K: Undergraduate

A: So what is your DevOps experience?

K: 0.5 years

A: What is the name of your department?

K: School of Computer Science and Engineering

A: Then in what year did you join this department?

K: 2016

A: So why did you make you contact this DevOps?

K: That's because the system is to be done in this graduation project. It is impossible to complete it at one time in the system. It has to go through step by step, and then you find this problem when you do it. You can improve it step by step, so you give it to him. The software model, or process, may have many changes, so I have an understanding of devops

A: What will happen if you will adopt devops?

K: Every time he based on the data of the previous version, and then combined with the existing ones, he knew what he wanted to correct, then combined with each other, and then made it more perfect than the previous version. To make the project more and more perfect is to approach perfection.

A: Do you support the culture and practice of devops?

K: Because there are not many contacts, but I think this iterative process is definitely a must, so I think if he can be used as a discipline or academic for your major, I think it is still very good meaningful,

A; Is the culture in the team conducive to the implementation of this devops?

K: Everyone will sit together and discuss that is to look at each other and find some lessons from them. Five people will discuss with each other, and then from the perspective of iteration, the technical aspect is sure to Everyone has a different understanding, then let’s see who’s better and learn from each other

A: Is it the current size of your team?

K: Five

A: What responsibilities do you belong to in it, for example, what are you responsible for?

K: Development

A: Do you have iterations in the development process?

K: there is

A; After each iteration, how long do you need this iteration cycle?

K: The cycle is not fixed

A: So what development method does your team use?

K: We are mainly Java object-oriented

A: Has the team learned or trained in the development of this project before?

K: Yes

A: How long does it take to have discussions in this team, or to say that after discussing it for you, it will be of great help to your project?

K: Every day is not a fixed time, it is helpful to improve the project.

A: In the team, is there any expert guidance or cleaning up some problems encountered in project development?

K: Yes, yes, is it our teacher Han? As our Bishe teacher, Han can ask her any questions, and he will help us patiently solve them.

A: Which stage of the devops or software life cycle do you think has a greater impact on the project?

K: Demand, we must first know what we want to do with this project.

A; Which stage of the project do you think you have more problems with?

K: In the development stage, what problems do you encounter in the development of the project. Even some knowledge is not enough to understand by oneself

A: Before you work on the project, you need to analyze the project. Have you checked the requirements analysis? Is it to check whether this requirement analysis is perfect or has loopholes, or is it flawed?

K: Have you checked this, have you thought about this problem?

A: Do you think this version control is beneficial to the development of this system?

K: I think there is

A: What problems will you encounter in the process of modeling with BPMN in this requirement phase?

K: It is easy to make mistakes in some of his process splits.

A: Does your team have a unified environment during project development?

K: Yes, it is to use the workstation in the school of our college,

A: Have you monitored the running status of your software?

K: No

A: Can the project run normally in the development environment and production environment?

K: Whether it can run normally, it can run normally at present, because after all, it has not reached the end, the final version, because it is still in the process of correction. It is still in the process of iteration.

A: Is your development environment and deployment environment similar?

K: Basically the same

A: What do you know about the continuous integration and continuous deployment of the project?

K: No

A: How often does your project build?

K: Basically once a day

A: How often is the project deployed?

K: Less

A: So how many iterations have you BPMN iterated since the beginning of your project?

K: Seven times

A: What do you think can be improved in your current version of BPMN?

K: The specific process of the project sometimes does not match the actual logic and needs to be corrected, but because the code has not been completely written, the later stage is based on the actual operation of the code, and then combined and then improved.

A; Because this BPMN has changed. How many times has the project been built?

K; less than 3 times

A: How many times did BPMN change just because of requirements, and then change the code phase?

K: Little change

A: Because of changes in demand, the environment has also changed?

K: No, the environment has always been the workstation of the college, so the environment has not changed, it is basically just a change in demand

A: How many times did BPMN fail to deploy normally?

K: No


A: Do you think you are in these stages. Which one do you think is more important?

K: Requirements Because you need to determine the requirements first before the work can be carried out. You can't do it later, if your needs change. Uh, then it’s not too good to modify,

A: Requirements and construction?

K: Demand, because in the demand stage, it is like the beginning of one thing, that is, you must have a clear goal at the beginning, know what you want to do, and then you can build it before you can develop it well.

A: Requirements and codes?

K: Demand,

A: Needs and environment?

K: Demand

A: Requirements and deployment?

K: Demand,

A: What do you think of version control and build?

C: build

A: Version control and code?

C: code

A: Version control and environment?

C: Environmental stage

A: Version control and deployment phase?

C: deployment

A: Which one do you think is more important between the construction phase and the code phase?

C: Construction phase

A: Build and environment?

C: Environment

A: Build and deploy?

C: deployment

A: Then which one do you think is more important between the code phase and the environment phase?

C: Environment

A: Code and deployment phase?

C: deployment

A: What do you think of the environment and deployment stage?

C: Environmental stage.